feat(clerk-js,localizations): Nav to `reset-password` if `needs_new_password` (#2984)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/four-ties-yawn.md

---
'@clerk/localizations': minor
'@clerk/clerk-js': minor
---

> Navigate to reset-password from the password form if password_settings.enforce_on_sign_in is enabled and sign_in.needs_new_password is true.

Reviewer: I'd propose the following entry to make the change easier to understand for our users:

```suggestion
During sign in, navigate to the `reset-password` route if the user needs a new password. This happens when you enforce password usage during sign-in in your dashboard. Previously this case wasn't handled in the password form.

The `signIn.resetPassword.requiredMessage` was updated to `'For security reasons, it is required to reset your password.'`.
```
